Here are something in my mind about building my content factory. 

Feel free to ask me questions if you need further clarification. 

Feel free to argue with my assumption mental framework and model. 

Ideally we need to build efficient, consistent, honest, useful content for my users with my unique perspective

I want to position myself as a leader in AI and person who is using AI to improve my trading, find new edges and using agents to trade
by staying at the forefront my current development. 

I should post range of subject matters in a week in my specific domain

Tweets/Threads about:

AI development and how the future of AI wil look like

How I am currently building my AI system. One person agent company 

How I am using AI to improve my trading

How I am planning to use agents to trade and build second brain

my though process on how the future of AI trading would look like


I dont want to talk about each of my mean reversion trades every day yet. 

I need to talk about how I am using Openclaw, Claude, Chatgpt etc. in my day to day life

You can also talk about my current personal Command cenyter and how I am using it. 

I need to give more emphasis on how these tools helping me achieve something. Clear ROI on every task. 



Secondlly, I need to engage on commenting on other infleucers tweets who fall in my domain
I need to you list 10-20 tweets every day where I can comment and has higher chances of getting noticed
ALso, I need to requote certain tweets or posts. I need you to pick 5 tweets to do it. 

Ideally, in a week on X, I will be tweeting, Commenting and re-qutoing along with writing 1-2 threads per week. 


System:

Ideally, I want you to do live research on twitter and figure out what is trending in the last 24 hours and help me generate post ideas
by connecting how that trending topic alings with my domain and my use case and keep ideas ready. 

Once I click on generate tweet on cetain ideas, you should go and create ready to copy tweet with one click copy which preserves the formatting

May be have a ideas of box with ideas and buttons such as create a tweet on this exact idea, other button could be create a tweet but 
consider these additional points wher i give my additional input then you go and create a tweet or thread or articles. Lastly, just decline the idea then you go and
get the next best idea to review. 

Also I need a calendar view tab where I see what is waiting , what is scheduled etc. which give me simple and clear picture. 

Also i want you to track my twietter stats like followers, engagement and how things are improving etc. so that you can build clear 
KPI to track and help me. 


THis is brain dump. Now we need to streamline this before building it. Go ahead and refine this
